pos-capture: adding a task to the intray

bin/pos-capture runs this protocol in the ClankOS container. The
command is poslib's pos-capture, at the commit the image was built
with: https://github.com/ClankaOperatingSystem/poslib


1. The intray

The intray is intray.org in the working directory. Under its top-level
heading "Unsorted" are tasks nobody has yet decided where to keep, each
a second-level TODO heading:

    * Unsorted
    ** TODO Make time for sketching

Capture is for the moment a task comes to mind. It asks nothing about
where the task belongs; pos-refile moves it later.


2. Capturing

"pos-capture -- TITLE" adds "** TODO TITLE" at the end of Unsorted and
saves the file. It makes Unsorted, at the end of the file, if the intray
lacks it. The task is given two properties: ID, a new Org ID, by which
a link or a command names it wherever it is later moved; and CREATED,
the time of capture:

    ** TODO Make time for sketching
    :PROPERTIES:
    :ID:       6f1c1e0a-3f0b-4c52-9d0e-2a4b8c1d7e55
    :CREATED:  [2030-03-04 Mon 09:15]
    :END:

It prints the file, the line and the title:

    /path/to/intray.org:3: TODO Make time for sketching

"pos-capture -- TITLE BODY" writes BODY beneath the task's properties,
less surrounding blank lines. It is for what will not fit in a title,
the words a task was given in among it. It may have several paragraphs.

TITLE is kept as written, less surrounding spaces. Nothing else in the
file is changed, and no backup or autosave file is written.

It is refused, and nothing is written, if:

  - TITLE is empty or holds a newline or another control character;
  - a line of BODY begins with a star, which Org would read as a
    heading, or BODY holds a control character other than a newline
    or a tab;
  - intray.org is missing, or is a symlink;
  - an editor holds a lock on intray.org. Save the intray there first.

It refuses no title for being there already: a second call adds a
second task, which pos-dedupe finds. It does say what is like it.
After the line above it prints one line for each open task, in any
file read, whose title has most of its words in common with TITLE:

    Like: /path/to/projects/art.org:7: NEXT Make time to sketch

"pos-capture --check -- TITLE" prints those lines alone and saves
nothing, for when a task may be there already.

The tasks are those there before the capture. The share of words that
makes two titles like is pos-capture-like-share, 0.6, which the
working directory's pos-config.el can set.

It sees saved files only: text typed into an editor and not yet saved
is not seen.


3. In the container

bin/pos-capture gives its arguments to bin/clankos-run. The intray is
the host's file, at its own path, and is written as the invoking user.
The lock capture takes while it writes is a file beside the intray,
which an editor on the host sees.


4. Exit status

    0     saved
    2     usage
    255   refused, or an Emacs error; the message is on stderr
    125   Docker failed to run the container
    126   the workspace is not visible in the container
    127   docker, or the command in the image, was not found
